What is Emmet?
Emmet is a built in feature in VS code which takes 
abbreviations and short expressions and gives out code snippets based on whats passed.

Difference between Library and Framework?
Library is a small piece of code or a document which contains code which is used to create 
a small functionality or large functionality, small or large apps.
Library is small and has narrow scope.
Whereas Framework is a large chunk of code with various interlinked 
documents which is used to create small or large apps. Because a framework is itself an application, it has a wider scope 
and includes almost everything necessary to make a user application as per his own needs.

What is CDN? Why do we use it?
 CDN is Content Delivery Network. It is where our resources are 
 cached in various interconnected servers located at various locations in the world.
 When we require a resouce from CDN, when we make a call, 
 the resource is fetched from the server located near to us


Why is React known as React?
React is called React because of its ability to react or 
respond dynamically to changes in the data

What is cross-origin in the script tag?
whenever cross-origin is there in the script tag, our webpage/domain can 
make requests to resource in another domain and can access that resource.
For ex: we have FAcebook page and there is a video to be rendered from youtube. 
Facebook can make CORS - Cross origin resource sharing  ON 
and can access the resource from youtube and the video will be played in our FB page.


What is the difference between React and ReactDOM?
React is a JS library for building user interfaces. 
React DOM is for interacting with the DOM or for DOM Manipulations

what is the difference between React.development.js and React.production.js via cdn?
React.development.js is developer friendly is giving out 
detailed error messages and warnings compared to react.production.js.
React.production.js is optimized version with less detailed error and improved runtime performance.

What are async and defer?
Async and defer are boolean attributes used in Script tag to load the external scripts to your page.
when we load a webpage to our browser, there are two things happening in the page. 
One is HTML parsing and another is loading of scripts. loading of scripts contains to parts.
One is fetching of script from network and the other is executing the script line by line.

When we keep async is true, the scripts are downloaded asynchronously and parallelly 
with HTML parsing and download is complete, HTML parsing is  stopped and the script is executed then and there. 
After scripts are executed, HTML parsing continues.

When we keep defer is true, HTML parsing goes on and parallelly scripts are downloaded. Then scripts are 
deferred till HTML parsing is complete and then Scripts are executed.

